conn None None None None None None None None
grad True 200 None True None None None None
disp True 1 10 True None None None None
disp True 1 50 True None None None None
disp True 1 90 True None None None None
disp True 1 130 True None None None None
disp True 1 170 True None None None None
disp True 2 10 True None None None None
disp True 2 50 True None None None None
disp True 2 90 True None None None None
disp True 2 130 True None None None None
disp True 2 170 True None None None None
disp True 3 10 True None None None None
disp True 3 50 True None None None None
disp True 3 90 True None None None None
disp True 3 130 True None None None None
disp True 3 170 True None None None None
disp True 4 10 True None None None None
disp True 4 50 True None None None None
disp True 4 90 True None None None None
disp True 4 130 True None None None None
disp True 4 170 True None None None None
disp True 5 10 True None None None None
disp True 5 50 True None None None None
disp True 5 90 True None None None None
disp True 5 130 True None None None None
disp True 5 170 True None None None None
disp True 6 10 True None None None None
disp True 6 50 True None None None None
disp True 6 90 True None None None None
disp True 6 130 True None None None None
disp True 6 170 True None None None None
disp True 7 10 True None None None None
disp True 7 50 True None None None None
disp True 7 90 True None None None None
disp True 7 130 True None None None None
disp True 7 170 True None None None None
disp True 8 10 True None None None None
disp True 8 50 True None None None None
disp True 8 90 True None None None None
disp True 8 130 True None None None None
disp True 8 170 True None None None None
disp True 9 10 True None None None None
disp True 9 50 True None None None None
disp True 9 90 True None None None None
disp True 9 130 True None None None None
disp True 9 170 True None None None None
disp True 10 10 True None None None None
disp True 10 50 True None None None None
disp True 10 90 True None None None None
disp True 10 130 True None None None None
disp True 10 170 True None None None None
disp True 11 10 True None None None None
disp True 11 50 True None None None None
disp True 11 90 True None None None None
disp True 11 130 True None None None None
disp True 11 170 True None None None None
disp True 12 10 True None None None None
disp True 12 50 True None None None None
disp True 12 90 True None None None None
disp True 12 130 True None None None None
disp True 12 170 True None None None None
disp True 13 10 True None None None None
disp True 13 50 True None None None None
disp True 13 90 True None None None None
disp True 13 130 True None None None None
disp True 13 170 True None None None None
disp True 14 10 True None None None None
disp True 14 50 True None None None None
disp True 14 90 True None None None None
disp True 14 130 True None None None None
disp True 14 170 True None None None None
disp True 15 10 True None None None None
disp True 15 50 True None None None None
disp True 15 90 True None None None None
disp True 15 130 True None None None None
disp True 15 170 True None None None None
disp True 16 10 True None None None None
disp True 16 50 True None None None None
disp True 16 90 True None None None None
disp True 16 130 True None None None None
disp True 16 170 True None None None None
disp True 17 10 True None None None None
disp True 17 50 True None None None None
disp True 17 90 True None None None None
disp True 17 130 True None None None None
disp True 17 170 True None None None None
disp True 18 10 True None None None None
disp True 18 50 True None None None None
disp True 18 90 True None None None None
disp True 18 130 True None None None None
disp True 18 170 True None None None None
disp True 19 10 True None None None None
disp True 19 50 True None None None None
disp True 19 90 True None None None None
disp True 19 130 True None None None None
disp True 19 170 True None None None None
disp True 20 10 True None None None None
disp True 20 50 True None None None None
disp True 20 90 True None None None None
disp True 20 130 True None None None None
disp True 20 170 True None None None None
disp True 21 10 True None None None None
disp True 21 50 True None None None None
disp True 21 90 True None None None None
disp True 21 130 True None None None None
disp True 21 170 True None None None None
disp True 22 10 True None None None None
disp True 22 50 True None None None None
disp True 22 90 True None None None None
disp True 22 130 True None None None None
disp True 22 170 True None None None None
disp True 23 10 True None None None None
disp True 23 50 True None None None None
disp True 23 90 True None None None None
disp True 23 130 True None None None None
disp True 23 170 True None None None None
disp True 24 10 True None None None None
disp True 24 50 True None None None None
disp True 24 90 True None None None None
disp True 24 130 True None None None None
disp True 24 170 True None None None None
disp True 25 10 True None None None None
disp True 25 50 True None None None None
disp True 25 90 True None None None None
disp True 25 130 True None None None None
disp True 25 170 True None None None None
disp True 26 10 True None None None None
disp True 26 50 True None None None None
disp True 26 90 True None None None None
disp True 26 130 True None None None None
disp True 26 170 True None None None None
disp True 27 10 True None None None None
disp True 27 50 True None None None None
disp True 27 90 True None None None None
disp True 27 130 True None None None None
disp True 27 170 True None None None None
disp True 28 10 True None None None None
disp True 28 50 True None None None None
disp True 28 90 True None None None None
disp True 28 130 True None None None None
disp True 28 170 True None None None None
disp True 29 10 True None None None None
disp True 29 50 True None None None None
disp True 29 90 True None None None None
disp True 29 130 True None None None None
disp True 29 170 True None None None None
disp True 30 10 True None None None None
disp True 30 50 True None None None None
disp True 30 90 True None None None None
disp True 30 130 True None None None None
disp True 30 170 True None None None None
disp True 31 10 True None None None None
disp True 31 50 True None None None None
disp True 31 90 True None None None None
disp True 31 130 True None None None None
disp True 31 170 True None None None None
disp True 32 10 True None None None None
disp True 32 50 True None None None None
disp True 32 90 True None None None None
disp True 32 130 True None None None None
disp True 32 170 True None None None None
disp True 33 10 True None None None None
disp True 33 50 True None None None None
disp True 33 90 True None None None None
disp True 33 130 True None None None None
disp True 33 170 True None None None None
disp True 34 10 True None None None None
disp True 34 50 True None None None None
disp True 34 90 True None None None None
disp True 34 130 True None None None None
disp True 34 170 True None None None None
disp True 35 10 True None None None None
disp True 35 50 True None None None None
disp True 35 90 True None None None None
disp True 35 130 True None None None None
disp True 35 170 True None None None None
disp True 36 10 True None None None None
disp True 36 50 True None None None None
disp True 36 90 True None None None None
disp True 36 130 True None None None None
disp True 36 170 True None None None None
disp True 37 10 True None None None None
disp True 37 50 True None None None None
disp True 37 90 True None None None None
disp True 37 130 True None None None None
disp True 37 170 True None None None None
disp True 38 10 True None None None None
disp True 38 50 True None None None None
disp True 38 90 True None None None None
disp True 38 130 True None None None None
disp True 38 170 True None None None None
disp True 39 10 True None None None None
disp True 39 50 True None None None None
disp True 39 90 True None None None None
disp True 39 130 True None None None None
disp True 39 170 True None None None None
disp True 40 10 True None None None None
disp True 40 50 True None None None None
disp True 40 90 True None None None None
disp True 40 130 True None None None None
disp True 40 170 True None None None None
disp True 41 10 True None None None None
disp True 41 50 True None None None None
disp True 41 90 True None None None None
disp True 41 130 True None None None None
disp True 41 170 True None None None None
disp True 42 10 True None None None None
disp True 42 50 True None None None None
disp True 42 90 True None None None None
disp True 42 130 True None None None None
disp True 42 170 True None None None None
disp True 43 10 True None None None None
disp True 43 50 True None None None None
disp True 43 90 True None None None None
disp True 43 130 True None None None None
disp True 43 170 True None None None None
disp True 44 10 True None None None None
disp True 44 50 True None None None None
disp True 44 90 True None None None None
disp True 44 130 True None None None None
disp True 44 170 True None None None None
disp True 45 10 True None None None None
disp True 45 50 True None None None None
disp True 45 90 True None None None None
disp True 45 130 True None None None None
disp True 45 170 True None None None None
disp True 46 10 True None None None None
disp True 46 50 True None None None None
disp True 46 90 True None None None None
disp True 46 130 True None None None None
disp True 46 170 True None None None None
disp True 47 10 True None None None None
disp True 47 50 True None None None None
disp True 47 90 True None None None None
disp True 47 130 True None None None None
disp True 47 170 True None None None None
disp True 48 10 True None None None None
disp True 48 50 True None None None None
disp True 48 90 True None None None None
disp True 48 130 True None None None None
disp True 48 170 True None None None None
disp True 49 10 True None None None None
disp True 49 50 True None None None None
disp True 49 90 True None None None None
disp True 49 130 True None None None None
disp True 49 170 True None None None None
disp True 50 10 True None None None None
disp True 50 50 True None None None None
disp True 50 90 True None None None None
disp True 50 130 True None None None None
disp True 50 170 True None None None None
disp True 51 10 True None None None None
disp True 51 50 True None None None None
disp True 51 90 True None None None None
disp True 51 130 True None None None None
disp True 51 170 True None None None None
disp True 52 10 True None None None None
disp True 52 50 True None None None None
disp True 52 90 True None None None None
disp True 52 130 True None None None None
disp True 52 170 True None None None None
disp True 53 10 True None None None None
disp True 53 50 True None None None None
disp True 53 90 True None None None None
disp True 53 130 True None None None None
disp True 53 170 True None None None None
disp True 54 10 True None None None None
disp True 54 50 True None None None None
disp True 54 90 True None None None None
disp True 54 130 True None None None None
disp True 54 170 True None None None None
disp True 55 10 True None None None None
disp True 55 50 True None None None None
disp True 55 90 True None None None None
disp True 55 130 True None None None None
disp True 55 170 True None None None None
disp True 56 10 True None None None None
disp True 56 50 True None None None None
disp True 56 90 True None None None None
disp True 56 130 True None None None None
disp True 56 170 True None None None None
disp True 57 10 True None None None None
disp True 57 50 True None None None None
disp True 57 90 True None None None None
disp True 57 130 True None None None None
disp True 57 170 True None None None None
disp True 58 10 True None None None None
disp True 58 50 True None None None None
disp True 58 90 True None None None None
disp True 58 130 True None None None None
disp True 58 170 True None None None None
disp True 59 10 True None None None None
disp True 59 50 True None None None None
disp True 59 90 True None None None None
disp True 59 130 True None None None None
disp True 59 170 True None None None None
disp True 60 10 True None None None None
disp True 60 50 True None None None None
disp True 60 90 True None None None None
disp True 60 130 True None None None None
disp True 60 170 True None None None None
disp True 61 10 True None None None None
disp True 61 50 True None None None None
disp True 61 90 True None None None None
disp True 61 130 True None None None None
disp True 61 170 True None None None None
disp True 62 10 True None None None None
disp True 62 50 True None None None None
disp True 62 90 True None None None None
disp True 62 130 True None None None None
disp True 62 170 True None None None None
disp True 63 10 True None None None None
disp True 63 50 True None None None None
disp True 63 90 True None None None None
disp True 63 130 True None None None None
disp True 63 170 True None None None None
disp True 64 10 True None None None None
disp True 64 50 True None None None None
disp True 64 90 True None None None None
disp True 64 130 True None None None None
disp True 64 170 True None None None None
disp True 65 10 True None None None None
disp True 65 50 True None None None None
disp True 65 90 True None None None None
disp True 65 130 True None None None None
disp True 65 170 True None None None None
disp True 66 10 True None None None None
disp True 66 50 True None None None None
disp True 66 90 True None None None None
disp True 66 130 True None None None None
disp True 66 170 True None None None None
disp True 67 10 True None None None None
disp True 67 50 True None None None None
disp True 67 90 True None None None None
disp True 67 130 True None None None None
disp True 67 170 True None None None None
disp True 68 10 True None None None None
disp True 68 50 True None None None None
disp True 68 90 True None None None None
disp True 68 130 True None None None None
disp True 68 170 True None None None None
disp True 69 10 True None None None None
disp True 69 50 True None None None None
disp True 69 90 True None None None None
disp True 69 130 True None None None None
disp True 69 170 True None None None None
disp True 70 10 True None None None None
disp True 70 50 True None None None None
disp True 70 90 True None None None None
disp True 70 130 True None None None None
disp True 70 170 True None None None None
disp True 71 10 True None None None None
disp True 71 50 True None None None None
disp True 71 90 True None None None None
disp True 71 130 True None None None None
disp True 71 170 True None None None None
disp True 72 10 True None None None None
disp True 72 50 True None None None None
disp True 72 90 True None None None None
disp True 72 130 True None None None None
disp True 72 170 True None None None None
disp True 73 10 True None None None None
disp True 73 50 True None None None None
disp True 73 90 True None None None None
disp True 73 130 True None None None None
disp True 73 170 True None None None None
disp True 74 10 True None None None None
disp True 74 50 True None None None None
disp True 74 90 True None None None None
disp True 74 130 True None None None None
disp True 74 170 True None None None None
disp True 75 10 True None None None None
disp True 75 50 True None None None None
disp True 75 90 True None None None None
disp True 75 130 True None None None None
disp True 75 170 True None None None None
disp True 76 10 True None None None None
disp True 76 50 True None None None None
disp True 76 90 True None None None None
disp True 76 130 True None None None None
disp True 76 170 True None None None None
disp True 77 10 True None None None None
disp True 77 50 True None None None None
disp True 77 90 True None None None None
disp True 77 130 True None None None None
disp True 77 170 True None None None None
disp True 78 10 True None None None None
disp True 78 50 True None None None None
disp True 78 90 True None None None None
disp True 78 130 True None None None None
disp True 78 170 True None None None None
disp True 79 10 True None None None None
disp True 79 50 True None None None None
disp True 79 90 True None None None None
disp True 79 130 True None None None None
disp True 79 170 True None None None None
disp True 80 10 True None None None None
disp True 80 50 True None None None None
disp True 80 90 True None None None None
disp True 80 130 True None None None None
disp True 80 170 True None None None None
disp True 81 10 True None None None None
disp True 81 50 True None None None None
disp True 81 90 True None None None None
disp True 81 130 True None None None None
disp True 81 170 True None None None None
disp True 82 10 True None None None None
disp True 82 50 True None None None None
disp True 82 90 True None None None None
disp True 82 130 True None None None None
disp True 82 170 True None None None None
disp True 83 10 True None None None None
disp True 83 50 True None None None None
disp True 83 90 True None None None None
disp True 83 130 True None None None None
disp True 83 170 True None None None None
disp True 84 10 True None None None None
disp True 84 50 True None None None None
disp True 84 90 True None None None None
disp True 84 130 True None None None None
disp True 84 170 True None None None None
disp True 85 10 True None None None None
disp True 85 50 True None None None None
disp True 85 90 True None None None None
disp True 85 130 True None None None None
disp True 85 170 True None None None None
disp True 86 10 True None None None None
disp True 86 50 True None None None None
disp True 86 90 True None None None None
disp True 86 130 True None None None None
disp True 86 170 True None None None None
disp True 87 10 True None None None None
disp True 87 50 True None None None None
disp True 87 90 True None None None None
disp True 87 130 True None None None None
disp True 87 170 True None None None None
disp True 88 10 True None None None None
disp True 88 50 True None None None None
disp True 88 90 True None None None None
disp True 88 130 True None None None None
disp True 88 170 True None None None None
disp True 89 10 True None None None None
disp True 89 50 True None None None None
disp True 89 90 True None None None None
disp True 89 130 True None None None None
disp True 89 170 True None None None None
disp True 90 10 True None None None None
disp True 90 50 True None None None None
disp True 90 90 True None None None None
disp True 90 130 True None None None None
disp True 90 170 True None None None None
disp True 91 10 True None None None None
disp True 91 50 True None None None None
disp True 91 90 True None None None None
disp True 91 130 True None None None None
disp True 91 170 True None None None None
disp True 92 10 True None None None None
disp True 92 50 True None None None None
disp True 92 90 True None None None None
disp True 92 130 True None None None None
disp True 92 170 True None None None None
disp True 93 10 True None None None None
disp True 93 50 True None None None None
disp True 93 90 True None None None None
disp True 93 130 True None None None None
disp True 93 170 True None None None None
disp True 94 10 True None None None None
disp True 94 50 True None None None None
disp True 94 90 True None None None None
disp True 94 130 True None None None None
disp True 94 170 True None None None None
disp True 95 10 True None None None None
disp True 95 50 True None None None None
disp True 95 90 True None None None None
disp True 95 130 True None None None None
disp True 95 170 True None None None None
disp True 96 10 True None None None None
disp True 96 50 True None None None None
disp True 96 90 True None None None None
disp True 96 130 True None None None None
disp True 96 170 True None None None None
disp True 97 10 True None None None None
disp True 97 50 True None None None None
disp True 97 90 True None None None None
disp True 97 130 True None None None None
disp True 97 170 True None None None None
disp True 98 10 True None None None None
disp True 98 50 True None None None None
disp True 98 90 True None None None None
disp True 98 130 True None None None None
disp True 98 170 True None None None None
disp True 99 10 True None None None None
disp True 99 50 True None None None None
disp True 99 90 True None None None None
disp True 99 130 True None None None None
disp True 99 170 True None None None None
disp True 100 10 True None None None None
disp True 100 50 True None None None None
disp True 100 90 True None None None None
disp True 100 130 True None None None None
disp True 100 170 True None None None None
disp True 101 10 True None None None None
disp True 101 50 True None None None None
disp True 101 90 True None None None None
disp True 101 130 True None None None None
disp True 101 170 True None None None None
disp True 102 10 True None None None None
disp True 102 50 True None None None None
disp True 102 90 True None None None None
disp True 102 130 True None None None None
disp True 102 170 True None None None None
disp True 103 10 True None None None None
disp True 103 50 True None None None None
disp True 103 90 True None None None None
disp True 103 130 True None None None None
disp True 103 170 True None None None None
disp True 104 10 True None None None None
disp True 104 50 True None None None None
disp True 104 90 True None None None None
disp True 104 130 True None None None None
disp True 104 170 True None None None None
disp True 105 10 True None None None None
disp True 105 50 True None None None None
disp True 105 90 True None None None None
disp True 105 130 True None None None None
disp True 105 170 True None None None None
disp True 106 10 True None None None None
disp True 106 50 True None None None None
disp True 106 90 True None None None None
disp True 106 130 True None None None None
disp True 106 170 True None None None None
disp True 107 10 True None None None None
disp True 107 50 True None None None None
disp True 107 90 True None None None None
disp True 107 130 True None None None None
disp True 107 170 True None None None None
disp True 108 10 True None None None None
disp True 108 50 True None None None None
disp True 108 90 True None None None None
disp True 108 130 True None None None None
disp True 108 170 True None None None None
disp True 109 10 True None None None None
disp True 109 50 True None None None None
disp True 109 90 True None None None None
disp True 109 130 True None None None None
disp True 109 170 True None None None None
disp True 110 10 True None None None None
disp True 110 50 True None None None None
disp True 110 90 True None None None None
disp True 110 130 True None None None None
disp True 110 170 True None None None None
disp True 111 10 True None None None None
disp True 111 50 True None None None None
disp True 111 90 True None None None None
disp True 111 130 True None None None None
disp True 111 170 True None None None None
disp True 112 10 True None None None None
disp True 112 50 True None None None None
disp True 112 90 True None None None None
disp True 112 130 True None None None None
disp True 112 170 True None None None None
disp True 113 10 True None None None None
disp True 113 50 True None None None None
disp True 113 90 True None None None None
disp True 113 130 True None None None None
disp True 113 170 True None None None None
disp True 114 10 True None None None None
disp True 114 50 True None None None None
disp True 114 90 True None None None None
disp True 114 130 True None None None None
disp True 114 170 True None None None None
disp True 115 10 True None None None None
disp True 115 50 True None None None None
disp True 115 90 True None None None None
disp True 115 130 True None None None None
disp True 115 170 True None None None None
disp True 116 10 True None None None None
disp True 116 50 True None None None None
disp True 116 90 True None None None None
disp True 116 130 True None None None None
disp True 116 170 True None None None None
disp True 117 10 True None None None None
disp True 117 50 True None None None None
disp True 117 90 True None None None None
disp True 117 130 True None None None None
disp True 117 170 True None None None None
disp True 118 10 True None None None None
disp True 118 50 True None None None None
disp True 118 90 True None None None None
disp True 118 130 True None None None None
disp True 118 170 True None None None None
disp True 119 10 True None None None None
disp True 119 50 True None None None None
disp True 119 90 True None None None None
disp True 119 130 True None None None None
disp True 119 170 True None None None None
disp True 120 10 True None None None None
disp True 120 50 True None None None None
disp True 120 90 True None None None None
disp True 120 130 True None None None None
disp True 120 170 True None None None None
disp True 121 10 True None None None None
disp True 121 50 True None None None None
disp True 121 90 True None None None None
disp True 121 130 True None None None None
disp True 121 170 True None None None None
disp True 122 10 True None None None None
disp True 122 50 True None None None None
disp True 122 90 True None None None None
disp True 122 130 True None None None None
disp True 122 170 True None None None None
disp True 123 10 True None None None None
disp True 123 50 True None None None None
disp True 123 90 True None None None None
disp True 123 130 True None None None None
disp True 123 170 True None None None None
disp True 124 10 True None None None None
disp True 124 50 True None None None None
disp True 124 90 True None None None None
disp True 124 130 True None None None None
disp True 124 170 True None None None None
disp True 125 10 True None None None None
disp True 125 50 True None None None None
disp True 125 90 True None None None None
disp True 125 130 True None None None None
disp True 125 170 True None None None None
disp True 126 10 True None None None None
disp True 126 50 True None None None None
disp True 126 90 True None None None None
disp True 126 130 True None None None None
disp True 126 170 True None None None None
disp True 127 10 True None None None None
disp True 127 50 True None None None None
disp True 127 90 True None None None None
disp True 127 130 True None None None None
disp True 127 170 True None None None None
disp True 128 10 True None None None None
disp True 128 50 True None None None None
disp True 128 90 True None None None None
disp True 128 130 True None None None None
disp True 128 170 True None None None None
disp True 129 10 True None None None None
disp True 129 50 True None None None None
disp True 129 90 True None None None None
disp True 129 130 True None None None None
disp True 129 170 True None None None None
disp True 130 10 True None None None None
disp True 130 50 True None None None None
disp True 130 90 True None None None None
disp True 130 130 True None None None None
disp True 130 170 True None None None None
disp True 131 10 True None None None None
disp True 131 50 True None None None None
disp True 131 90 True None None None None
disp True 131 130 True None None None None
disp True 131 170 True None None None None
disp True 132 10 True None None None None
disp True 132 50 True None None None None
disp True 132 90 True None None None None
disp True 132 130 True None None None None
disp True 132 170 True None None None None
disp True 133 10 True None None None None
disp True 133 50 True None None None None
disp True 133 90 True None None None None
disp True 133 130 True None None None None
disp True 133 170 True None None None None
disp True 134 10 True None None None None
disp True 134 50 True None None None None
disp True 134 90 True None None None None
disp True 134 130 True None None None None
disp True 134 170 True None None None None
disp True 135 10 True None None None None
disp True 135 50 True None None None None
disp True 135 90 True None None None None
disp True 135 130 True None None None None
disp True 135 170 True None None None None
disp True 136 10 True None None None None
disp True 136 50 True None None None None
disp True 136 90 True None None None None
disp True 136 130 True None None None None
disp True 136 170 True None None None None
disp True 137 10 True None None None None
disp True 137 50 True None None None None
disp True 137 90 True None None None None
disp True 137 130 True None None None None
disp True 137 170 True None None None None
disp True 138 10 True None None None None
disp True 138 50 True None None None None
disp True 138 90 True None None None None
disp True 138 130 True None None None None
disp True 138 170 True None None None None
disp True 139 10 True None None None None
disp True 139 50 True None None None None
disp True 139 90 True None None None None
disp True 139 130 True None None None None
disp True 139 170 True None None None None
disp True 140 10 True None None None None
disp True 140 50 True None None None None
disp True 140 90 True None None None None
disp True 140 130 True None None None None
disp True 140 170 True None None None None
disp True 141 10 True None None None None
disp True 141 50 True None None None None
disp True 141 90 True None None None None
disp True 141 130 True None None None None
disp True 141 170 True None None None None
disp True 142 10 True None None None None
disp True 142 50 True None None None None
disp True 142 90 True None None None None
disp True 142 130 True None None None None
disp True 142 170 True None None None None
disp True 143 10 True None None None None
disp True 143 50 True None None None None
disp True 143 90 True None None None None
disp True 143 130 True None None None None
disp True 143 170 True None None None None
disp True 144 10 True None None None None
disp True 144 50 True None None None None
disp True 144 90 True None None None None
disp True 144 130 True None None None None
disp True 144 170 True None None None None
disp True 145 10 True None None None None
disp True 145 50 True None None None None
disp True 145 90 True None None None None
disp True 145 130 True None None None None
disp True 145 170 True None None None None
disp True 146 10 True None None None None
disp True 146 50 True None None None None
disp True 146 90 True None None None None
disp True 146 130 True None None None None
disp True 146 170 True None None None None
disp True 147 10 True None None None None
disp True 147 50 True None None None None
disp True 147 90 True None None None None
disp True 147 130 True None None None None
disp True 147 170 True None None None None
disp True 148 10 True None None None None
disp True 148 50 True None None None None
disp True 148 90 True None None None None
disp True 148 130 True None None None None
disp True 148 170 True None None None None
disp True 149 10 True None None None None
disp True 149 50 True None None None None
disp True 149 90 True None None None None
disp True 149 130 True None None None None
disp True 149 170 True None None None None
disp True 150 10 True None None None None
disp True 150 50 True None None None None
disp True 150 90 True None None None None
disp True 150 130 True None None None None
disp True 150 170 True None None None None
disp True 151 10 True None None None None
disp True 151 50 True None None None None
disp True 151 90 True None None None None
disp True 151 130 True None None None None
disp True 151 170 True None None None None
disp True 152 10 True None None None None
disp True 152 50 True None None None None
disp True 152 90 True None None None None
disp True 152 130 True None None None None
disp True 152 170 True None None None None
disp True 153 10 True None None None None
disp True 153 50 True None None None None
disp True 153 90 True None None None None
disp True 153 130 True None None None None
disp True 153 170 True None None None None
disp True 154 10 True None None None None
disp True 154 50 True None None None None
disp True 154 90 True None None None None
disp True 154 130 True None None None None
disp True 154 170 True None None None None
disp True 155 10 True None None None None
disp True 155 50 True None None None None
disp True 155 90 True None None None None
disp True 155 130 True None None None None
disp True 155 170 True None None None None
disp True 156 10 True None None None None
disp True 156 50 True None None None None
disp True 156 90 True None None None None
disp True 156 130 True None None None None
disp True 156 170 True None None None None
disp True 157 10 True None None None None
disp True 157 50 True None None None None
disp True 157 90 True None None None None
disp True 157 130 True None None None None
disp True 157 170 True None None None None
disp True 158 10 True None None None None
disp True 158 50 True None None None None
disp True 158 90 True None None None None
disp True 158 130 True None None None None
disp True 158 170 True None None None None
disp True 159 10 True None None None None
disp True 159 50 True None None None None
disp True 159 90 True None None None None
disp True 159 130 True None None None None
disp True 159 170 True None None None None
disp True 160 10 True None None None None
disp True 160 50 True None None None None
disp True 160 90 True None None None None
disp True 160 130 True None None None None
disp True 160 170 True None None None None
disp True 161 10 True None None None None
disp True 161 50 True None None None None
disp True 161 90 True None None None None
disp True 161 130 True None None None None
disp True 161 170 True None None None None
disp True 162 10 True None None None None
disp True 162 50 True None None None None
disp True 162 90 True None None None None
disp True 162 130 True None None None None
disp True 162 170 True None None None None
disp True 163 10 True None None None None
disp True 163 50 True None None None None
disp True 163 90 True None None None None
disp True 163 130 True None None None None
disp True 163 170 True None None None None
disp True 164 10 True None None None None
disp True 164 50 True None None None None
disp True 164 90 True None None None None
disp True 164 130 True None None None None
disp True 164 170 True None None None None
disp True 165 10 True None None None None
disp True 165 50 True None None None None
disp True 165 90 True None None None None
disp True 165 130 True None None None None
disp True 165 170 True None None None None
disp True 166 10 True None None None None
disp True 166 50 True None None None None
disp True 166 90 True None None None None
disp True 166 130 True None None None None
disp True 166 170 True None None None None
disp True 167 10 True None None None None
disp True 167 50 True None None None None
disp True 167 90 True None None None None
disp True 167 130 True None None None None
disp True 167 170 True None None None None
disp True 168 10 True None None None None
disp True 168 50 True None None None None
disp True 168 90 True None None None None
disp True 168 130 True None None None None
disp True 168 170 True None None None None
disp True 169 10 True None None None None
disp True 169 50 True None None None None
disp True 169 90 True None None None None
disp True 169 130 True None None None None
disp True 169 170 True None None None None
disp True 170 10 True None None None None
disp True 170 50 True None None None None
disp True 170 90 True None None None None
disp True 170 130 True None None None None
disp True 170 170 True None None None None
disp True 171 10 True None None None None
disp True 171 50 True None None None None
disp True 171 90 True None None None None
disp True 171 130 True None None None None
disp True 171 170 True None None None None
disp True 172 10 True None None None None
disp True 172 50 True None None None None
disp True 172 90 True None None None None
disp True 172 130 True None None None None
disp True 172 170 True None None None None
disp True 173 10 True None None None None
disp True 173 50 True None None None None
disp True 173 90 True None None None None
disp True 173 130 True None None None None
disp True 173 170 True None None None None
disp True 174 10 True None None None None
disp True 174 50 True None None None None
disp True 174 90 True None None None None
disp True 174 130 True None None None None
disp True 174 170 True None None None None
disp True 175 10 True None None None None
disp True 175 50 True None None None None
disp True 175 90 True None None None None
disp True 175 130 True None None None None
disp True 175 170 True None None None None
disp True 176 10 True None None None None
disp True 176 50 True None None None None
disp True 176 90 True None None None None
disp True 176 130 True None None None None
disp True 176 170 True None None None None
disp True 177 10 True None None None None
disp True 177 50 True None None None None
disp True 177 90 True None None None None
disp True 177 130 True None None None None
disp True 177 170 True None None None None
disp True 178 10 True None None None None
disp True 178 50 True None None None None
disp True 178 90 True None None None None
disp True 178 130 True None None None None
disp True 178 170 True None None None None
disp True 179 10 True None None None None
disp True 179 50 True None None None None
disp True 179 90 True None None None None
disp True 179 130 True None None None None
disp True 179 170 True None None None None
disp True 180 10 True None None None None
disp True 180 50 True None None None None
disp True 180 90 True None None None None
disp True 180 130 True None None None None
disp True 180 170 True None None None None
disp True 181 10 True None None None None
disp True 181 50 True None None None None
disp True 181 90 True None None None None
disp True 181 130 True None None None None
disp True 181 170 True None None None None
disp True 182 10 True None None None None
disp True 182 50 True None None None None
disp True 182 90 True None None None None
disp True 182 130 True None None None None
disp True 182 170 True None None None None
disp True 183 10 True None None None None
disp True 183 50 True None None None None
disp True 183 90 True None None None None
disp True 183 130 True None None None None
disp True 183 170 True None None None None
disp True 184 10 True None None None None
disp True 184 50 True None None None None
disp True 184 90 True None None None None
disp True 184 130 True None None None None
disp True 184 170 True None None None None
disp True 185 10 True None None None None
disp True 185 50 True None None None None
disp True 185 90 True None None None None
disp True 185 130 True None None None None
disp True 185 170 True None None None None
disp True 186 10 True None None None None
disp True 186 50 True None None None None
disp True 186 90 True None None None None
disp True 186 130 True None None None None
disp True 186 170 True None None None None
disp True 187 10 True None None None None
disp True 187 50 True None None None None
disp True 187 90 True None None None None
disp True 187 130 True None None None None
disp True 187 170 True None None None None
disp True 188 10 True None None None None
disp True 188 50 True None None None None
disp True 188 90 True None None None None
disp True 188 130 True None None None None
disp True 188 170 True None None None None
disp True 189 10 True None None None None
disp True 189 50 True None None None None
disp True 189 90 True None None None None
disp True 189 130 True None None None None
disp True 189 170 True None None None None
disp True 190 10 True None None None None
disp True 190 50 True None None None None
disp True 190 90 True None None None None
disp True 190 130 True None None None None
disp True 190 170 True None None None None
disp True 191 10 True None None None None
disp True 191 50 True None None None None
disp True 191 90 True None None None None
disp True 191 130 True None None None None
disp True 191 170 True None None None None
disp True 192 10 True None None None None
disp True 192 50 True None None None None
disp True 192 90 True None None None None
disp True 192 130 True None None None None
disp True 192 170 True None None None None
disp True 193 10 True None None None None
disp True 193 50 True None None None None
disp True 193 90 True None None None None
disp True 193 130 True None None None None
disp True 193 170 True None None None None
disp True 194 10 True None None None None
disp True 194 50 True None None None None
disp True 194 90 True None None None None
disp True 194 130 True None None None None
disp True 194 170 True None None None None
disp True 195 10 True None None None None
disp True 195 50 True None None None None
disp True 195 90 True None None None None
disp True 195 130 True None None None None
disp True 195 170 True None None None None
disp True 196 10 True None None None None
disp True 196 50 True None None None None
disp True 196 90 True None None None None
disp True 196 130 True None None None None
disp True 196 170 True None None None None
disp True 197 10 True None None None None
disp True 197 50 True None None None None
disp True 197 90 True None None None None
disp True 197 130 True None None None None
disp True 197 170 True None None None None
disp True 198 10 True None None None None
disp True 198 50 True None None None None
disp True 198 90 True None None None None
disp True 198 130 True None None None None
disp True 198 170 True None None None None
disp True 199 10 True None None None None
disp True 199 50 True None None None None
disp True 199 90 True None None None None
disp True 199 130 True None None None None
disp True 199 170 True None None None None
disp True 200 10 True None None None None
disp True 200 50 True None None None None
disp True 200 90 True None None None None
disp True 200 130 True None None None None
disp True 200 170 True None None None None
disp True 200 210 True None None None None